BANK OF AMERICA ONLINE ASSESSMENT QUESTIONS
QUESTION 1:- Write a program that, given an input sentence, alternates the case of every alphabetic character, starting with uppercase. 
Spaces and non- alphabetical characters should be added to the final output as is, i.e. they should not be taken into account when alternating between upper/lowercase.
Input:
Your program should read lines from standard input. Each line contains a sentence. Assume all characters are ASCII.
Output:
For each sentence from standard input, print to standard output the sentence such that the first character is uppercase, the next character is lowercase and so on,
Test Input:-
We are the world
Expected Output:-
We ArE tHe WoRlD


QUESTION 2:-
Programming challenge description:
Given a string comprising just of the characters (,),(,), [,] determine if it is well-formed or not.
Input:
Your program should read lines from standard input. Each line contains a string comprising of the characters mentioned above. There is no whitespace between characters.
Output:
Print out True if the string is well-formed, False otherwise.
Test Input:- ()
Expected Output:- True
Test Input:- ([) ]
Expected Output:- False


QUESTION 3:-
In a company, an employee's rating point (ERP) is calculated as the sum of the rating points given by the employee's manager and HR.
The employee rating grade (ERG) is calculated according to the ERP ranges given below:

ERP.            ERG

30-50            D

51-60.           C

61-80.           B

81-100.          A

Write an algorithm to find the ERG character for a given employee's ERP.
Input
The input consists of an integer eRP representing the calculated employee rating point.
Output
Print a character representing
the ERG for a given employee's ERP.
Constraints
30<=.  eRP <= 100
Example
Input :- 64
Output:- B


QUESTION 4:- 
A company provides network encryption for secure data transfer.
The data string is encrypted prior to transmission and gets decrypted at the receiving end. But due to some technical error,
the encrypted data is lost and the received string is different from the original string by 1 character.
Arnold, a network administrator, is tasked with finding the character that got lost in the network so that the bug does not harm other data that is 
being transferred through the network.
Write an algorithm to help Arnold find the character that was missing at the receiving end but present at the sending end.

Input
The first line of the input consists of a string-string Sent, representing the string that was sent through the network.
The next line consists of a string stringRec, representing the string that was received at the receiving end of the network.

Output
Print a character representing the Character that was lost in the network during transmission
Note:-the input strings stringSent and stringRec consists of lowercase and uppercase English alphabets

INPUT:- abcdfjgerj
abcdfjger 

OUTPUT:-j
